[enterprise-4.14] OCPBUGS-43376: add known issue (#84260)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/update-best-practices.adoc

In the *Administrator* perspective of the web console, navigate to *Observe* -> *Alerting* to find critical alerts.

[id="remove-duplicated-headers-haproxy_{context}"]
=== Ensure that duplicated encoding headers are removed

> Before updating, you will receive a `DuplicateTransferEncodingHeadersDetected` alert if any route records a duplicate `Transfer-Encoding` header issue. This is due to the upgrade from HAProxy 2.2 in previous {product-title} releases to HAProxy 2.6 in {product-title} {product-version}. Failing to address this alert will result in your application pods becoming unreachable if they expose routes using any of these headers.

Reviewer: To be clear, only the _problematic_ application pods will become unreachable, only through their _routes_, and only if these applications send _multiple_ `transfer-encoding` headers.  
```suggestion
Before updating, you will receive a `DuplicateTransferEncodingHeadersDetected` alert if any route records a duplicate `Transfer-Encoding` header issue. This is due to the upgrade from HAProxy 2.2 in previous {product-title} releases to HAProxy 2.6 in {product-title} {product-version}. Failing to address this alert will result in applications that send multiple `Transfer-Encoding` headers becoming unreachable through routes.
```

> Before updating, you will receive an alert `DuplicateTransferEncodingHeadersDetected` if any route records a duplicate `Transfer-Encoding` header issue. This is due to the upgrade from HAProxy 2.2 in previous {product-title} releases to HAProxy 2.6 in {product-title} {product-version}. Failing to address this alert will result in your application pods becoming unreachable if they expose routes using any of these headers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Before updating, you will receive a `DuplicateTransferEncodingHeadersDetected` alert if any route records a duplicate `Transfer-Encoding` header issue. This is due to the upgrade from HAProxy 2.2 in previous {product-title} releases to HAProxy 2.6 in {product-title} {product-version}. Failing to address this alert will result in your application pods becoming unreachable if they expose routes using any of these headers.
```

> To mitigate this issue, find the duplicated header in your application configuration file and remove it.

Reviewer: The change may require configuration changes or code changes.  
```suggestion
To mitigate this issue, update any problematic applications not to send multiple `Transfer-Encoding` headers.
```

> To mitigate this issue, find the duplicated header in your application configuration file and remove them.

Reviewer 2: singular/plural mismatch
```suggestion
To mitigate this issue, find the duplicated headers in your application configuration file and remove them.
```
or
```suggestion
To mitigate this issue, find the duplicated header in your application configuration file and remove it.
```
